pkg/test/context.go: create an id that is a valid namespace name (#2335)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes
- Fix `operator-sdk build`'s `--image-build-args` to support spaces within quotes like `--label some.name="First Last"`. ([#2312](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2312))

> - Fix `pkg/test/NewTestCtx()` to always create an id that is a valid namespace name. This prevents `TestCtx.GetNamespace()` from attempting to sometimes erroneously creating a namespace with a name exceeding 63 characters. ([#2335](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2335))

Reviewer: WDYT?

```suggestion
- Fix issue to use from test-framework which is faced when the created namespace is exceeding 63 characters. The `TestCtx.GetNamespace()` was changed to always create a unique ID instead of using the operator name in order to avoid this scenario. ([#2335](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2335))
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion! I made a couple additional modifications to the proposed change. Please let me know what you think.
